Dad, you little brat
Who are you offending outside?
Zhao's dog is afraid of being severely injured
What about being a father?
Even the 17th industry has to be devastated early
The Zhao family has worked hard
Decades of savings are gone
You little brat, get over here
Explain it to grandpa yourself
That's not possible.
What high price went bankrupt
Chen Xiaodao, do you know the consequences of your actions?
You can use the power of the Chen family to disrupt the market at will
Do you want the Chen family to be rich forever?
I really don't need the Chen family if I want to touch you two.
Besides, you don't think I'm alone
Is that why you dare to deal with me?
Blame the two of you for eating the ambitious leopard
The woman who dares to bully me, Chen Xiaodao
This is not the end
Did you really do these things?
I commissioned a few friends to make it.
But also like me
Brother Zhao
Mr. Chen asks you to let me go
Let go of our Zhao family
I'll leave Binhai immediately and never come back
Looking for someone to live and die is what he deserves
Please treat me like a fart, okay?
I ask you, you clearly know that I didn't kill people
Why are you targeting me?